Thingy:91 X support alternative configuration (#16823)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/wifi/shell/README.rst

       west build -b nrf9160dk/nrf9160/ns -- -DEXTRA_CONF_FILE=overlay-scan-only.conf -DSHIELD=nrf7002ek

> To build for the Thingy:91 X to be run on the nRF5340, use the ``thingy91x/nrf5340/cpuapp`` board target with the ``SB_CONFIG_THINGY91X_STATIC_PARTITIONS_NRF53_EXTERNAL_FLASH=y`` CMake option set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build for the Thingy:91 X to be run on the nRF5340 DK, use the ``thingy91x/nrf5340/cpuapp`` board target with the ``SB_CONFIG_THINGY91X_STATIC_PARTITIONS_NRF53_EXTERNAL_FLASH=y`` CMake option set.
```

Author: This is not about running on the DK, the board is the Thingy:91 X. Should I restructure the sentence there?

Reviewer: Yes, so that it becomes a bit clearer.

> This requires an external debugger since the nRF9151 normally owns the buses. Erase the nRF9151 first to avoid conflicts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This requires an external debugger since the nRF9151 DK owns the buses.
You need to erase the nRF9151 first to avoid conflicts.
```
